# CS330Comp_Graphics

My approach to designing software in this project was to divide the problem into manageable pieces. For instance, some objects in the scene were made up of multiple items. To meet this objective, I started with a single mesh and worked on scaling, rotating, and positioning this mesh until it met the requirements. After reaching the desired transforms, I could move on to the next mesh. This is a much better approach than spawning multiple meshes into a scene and trying to work on them at the same time. 
	This project required me to build the scene one piece at a time. This was helpful because it kept the focus on a single feature at a time. Once a feature was added, then the project could be judged on whether past features need tweaked. For instance, after changing the lighting, some materials needed to be changed slightly since the project was no longer using the default OpenGL lighting. 
	Computational graphics have improved my understanding of computer science. Before starting this course, I had no understanding of OpenGL. This knowledge will help with any application that uses visualizations. I have created many WPF C# applications, using XAML. In these, I have added “transforms” to the visualization to create a more interesting user interface. But while using these features, I had no understanding of the underlying mechanisms, this newfound knowledge will benefit me going forward because it has removed some of the mystery behind graphics, shaders and animations.
